Document parameterized queries using SqlFormatting. (#28)
Faithlife/FaithlifeData: docs/index.md

**Important note:** If the collection is empty, an `InvalidOperationException` will be thrown, since omitting the parameter entirely may not be valid (or intended) SQL.

### Formatting SQL

> Typing parameter names in the SQL command text and parameters objects can sometimes be redundant. [`FormattableString`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.formattablestring) can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typing parameter names in the SQL command text and parameters objects can sometimes be redundant. [String interpolation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/tokens/interpolated) can be used
```

to put the parameters in the SQL safely by using [`Sql.Format()`](Faithlife.Data.SqlFormatting/Sql/Format.md) to format a `FormattableString` into command text and parameters.

```csharp
var name = "First";
var height = 6.875;
connector.Command(Sql.Format(
    $"insert into widgets (name, height) values ({name}, {height});"
    )).Execute();
```

This is equivalent to:

```csharp
var name = "First";
var height = 6.875;
connector.Command(

>     "insert into widgets (name, height) values (@param0, @param1);",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "insert into widgets (name, height) values (@fdp0, @fdp1);",
```

Better to show the actual parameter names used?

Author: I wrote it that was at first, but the names are somewhat distracting, so I switched to `param`, which at least didn't leave me wondering what "fdp" means.

    ("param0", name), ("param1", height)).Execute();
```

> Note that using `FormattableString` without `Sql.Format()` is still a SQL injection vulnerability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that using an interpolated string without `Sql.Format()` is still a SQL injection vulnerability:
```
